Add oVirt docs (#5088)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_provisioning-virtual-machines-on-ovirt.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="provisioning-virtual-machines-on-ovirt"]
= Provisioning virtual machines on oVirt

[role="_abstract"]

> oVirt is an enterprise-grade server and desktop virtualization platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The oVirt platform is an enterprise-grade server and desktop virtualization platform.
```
To avoid a lowercase character at the beginning of a sentence?

Author: > To avoid a lowercase character at the beginning of a sentence?

I didn't know this was a thing! Thanks and applied.

> In {ProjectName}, you can manage virtualization functions through oVirt's REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {ProjectName}, you can manage virtualization functions through the oVirt REST API.
```

Author: Applied.
